vault(license): fix license behaviors (#1915)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.16.x/content/docs/enterprise/license/index.mdx

Licenses and EULA enhancements have been introduced in Vault 1.8 release. Please refer to the [FAQ](/vault/docs/enterprise/license/faq) for common questions concerning these changes.

The [Install a HashiCorp Enterprise License](/vault/tutorials/enterprise/hashicorp-enterprise-license) tutorial provides the instruction to load your Vault license.

## How license keys work

License keys for Vault Enterprise determine the availability of product features
and for how long you may use Vault.

### Expiration and termination

Each license key has a start date and an expiration date. Once a license key
expires, Vault versions released **after** the key's expiration date will not
start, restart, or unseal. Vault versions released **prior** to the key's
expiration date will continue to start, restart, and unseal normally.

Some license keys also have a termination date. Vault will not start, restart,
or unseal with a terminated license key (though existing unsealed nodes continue
to operate until they have to restart or unseal again). Trial license keys
terminate on or one day after the expiration date. License keys issued since

> September 2025 terminate 60 days after the expiration date.

Reviewer: Was there a standard length between expiration and termination prior to September 2025? If so, would it be worth mentioning here?

Author: Duplicate of https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/pull/1915#discussion_r2874046395

> September 2025 terminate 60 days after the expiration date.

Author: Added in 88bf961abb016a9a64c1c6cb94f1e33916a3fa12.

To review the dates on a license key, run
[`vault license inspect`](../../commands/license/inspect) (for a local key) or
[`vault license get`](../../commands/license/get) (to query a Vault cluster's API).

<Note title="Compliance with license terms">

Vault's license key enforcement behaviors are not a substitute for your
compliance with your license agreement. Continued use of Vault Enterprise
following the expiration of your subscription license period may violate the
terms of your license agreement.

</Note>

<Note title="Security impact of expired keys">

> You cannot update Vault with an expired or terminated license key. If you need

Author: Reworded to clarify in d04aeab8bd26843ea3b13933d3dd16087f53a0f0.

Licenses and EULA enhancements have been introduced in Vault 1.8 release. Please refer to the [FAQ](/vault/docs/enterprise/license/faq) for common questions concerning these changes.

The [Install a HashiCorp Enterprise License](/vault/tutorials/enterprise/hashicorp-enterprise-license) tutorial provides the instruction to load your Vault license.

## How license keys work

License keys for Vault Enterprise determine the availability of product features

> and for how long you may use Vault.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
License keys for Vault Enterprise determine how long you can use Vault and the availability of product features.
```
Style correction: use simple sentences when possible

### Expiration and termination

Each license key has a start date and an expiration date. Once a license key
expires, Vault versions released **after** the key's expiration date will not
start, restart, or unseal. Vault versions released **prior** to the key's
expiration date will continue to start, restart, and unseal normally.

Some license keys also have a termination date. Vault will not start, restart,
or unseal with a terminated license key (though existing unsealed nodes continue

> to operate until they have to restart or unseal again).

Author: Do you have a suggestion for wording? I tried to come up with something for that earlier, but found it too cumbersome to explain.

- **Commercial keys.** License keys issued since September 2025 terminate 60
  days after the expiration date. License keys issued prior to September 2025
  were either non-terminating or had a 10-year termination window.
- **Trial keys.** Trial license keys terminate on or one day after the

>   expiration date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Key type   | Issue date            | Termination date
---------- | --------------------- | -------------------------------------------
Commercial | after September 2025  | 60 days after expiration
Commercial | before September 2025 | non-terminating or 10 years after expiration
Trial      | Any                   | On, or one day after, expiration
```
Suggest using a table to make the information easier to scan
